[Music] I'm going to get
caught maybe for a
second okay Marina because Joe wants me to
put something and then I'm going to get
caught for sure when I open WhatsApp but
it's to see something that Joe sends us
okay okay as long as it's Joe H the
pretty people I fell in love That doctor what a
sweet man yeah Alexa very nice the truth
very nice I didn't get caught the video is loading
okay okay camera at the
mall where Anabel and David were
where were they what What does that
material say what does it tell the very
reliable source the one from canaras 7 more or less
risky but very reliable so far they are
giving at least now it can be
done or not it can be done that will be
discussed if Anabel takes measures okay
but she's telling things right
man everything is very crack the truth inv we
can also good
afternoon what do the cameras say as I
expected because we have already talked about this
also about this circumstance Marina s s I had
n't thought about it and we have also
become a bit of a fortune teller No, well then
what those images say in principle
is that you don't see a moment  specifically
in which eh one of the parents
of the baby of the baby Well, who suffered
these injuries may have committed some
act on her, that is to say, neither
the father nor the mother are seen doing anything to her
because there is no conclusive evidence that there
could have been some type of
mechanism that could have produced these
injuries in the baby. What can
serve as context is the images to
understand the scenario where
this situation occurred, who was with the girl
Who not if Anabel had gone out as they had
really declared in
court to go shopping, David stayed with the
girl and then what they do confirm
is that version given by them that he
went out to buy, he stayed with the girl
and then let's see, he returned when he
alerted her that the girl was not well.
Oh look, well it serves for that and second
thing is there a calendar of citations that
the court could make, well
look, eh yes, yes I tell you the truth, I
insist the truth is that I am a bit of a bore
when it comes to telling this, this issue,
these judicial issues today there has been a
total uproar here on the island with this
alleged accusation of Arel Pant already  He
was charged that people say already clo
Well explain it but let's go it's a
lane
Yes yes yes this is a
judicial procedure quite quite eh quite
clear that is to say a diligence is opened
preliminary diligences a
judicial investigation is opened and right now it
is in that initial phase of the
instruction therefore there is still
no type of concretion of imputation
nor is there any accusation by the public
prosecutor's office for anything well I do
not agree here because since there is
no type of accusation man if
there is you know or I mean if there is But what is he
referring to I think I know but there
can be no mistake in it is or if it is the one that
the journalist who leads the subject par
excellence I do not understand Well then,
for me, for the whole life of God
investigated accused you know that we already
talked about it here I have learned this
thanks I did not know that they had
changed it and that it was we are going to become
experts in all in all the subjects
this year This year I am going to touch on
gender violence eh right to honor
intellectual property even you know that
Ricky Edie is charged commercial law
of course intellectual property Yes yes be
that  that one they've never put to me that's
new that r is accused of violence
for Ali's complaint of viola Ali Ah
but he's already accused he's not accused he
has to go to testify on the 13th I
think they said on Andy's Channel
rebels on the 13th Well look almost around
Valentine's Day life no no no it's not
no but March March well well
what are you going to be on Valentine's Day
well try to fall in love
with myself a little let's see what's coming
eh watch out but family But that has turned out
very well not very romantic there are no
suitors around here very well very
well the question has been perfect it's exactly you
have guessed right In the end it's not up to me
like Ida says now now it was now
now it's my turn no we should fall
a little in love with ourselves and when that's already Of
course because you know what happens that then
you fall in love with someone And you forget your
needs and you give it to the
wrong person and it fails So first it's
like filling yourself up so you can fill the
rest and they fill you up you know what I
want to tell you it's a bit like that the
story  you are very deep eh I mean
those are it is noticeable that you are like
reflecting a
lot yes yes you talk a lot Above all
I'm sure you start talking to yourself at
night p Pin Pin Pin because it's that
with whom do you want me to talk with whom do you
want me to talk Here well let's see of course it
is that you need a discussion on the side
let's be honest a discussion that's why
sometimes I watch the one with uncle sh and those
such Yes the truth Well I saw one
but I don't prefer the Corrillo let's be honest you
prefer the Corrillo Hey but podc ​​the
podcast with teng that that is a fant to give something to
talk about eh it's going to give something to talk about eh Yes no
the truth is that it does have it Yes yes very
such You think that dolores our dolors will
see it Are you going to talk about politics man go
there are guests that Dolores is going to
love
Surely the guest list is there They
are dolores yes no but
yes here everyone Who the hell is the
big mothers How I
am freaking out about today's topics I am
scandalized I am crazy about them all eh the
truth do not be scandalized that we still
have well talking  on the subject of the
archive the supposed archive Belén
Esteban also believes that they are going to
archive it here everyone believes that they are
going to
archive it Belén Esteban how do I explain it to you It's
not that everyone everything is
related Belén Esteban and Leti are friends
friend of Anabel I mean I want to tell you
everything belongs to an
absolute absolute whitewashing campaign by the people
closest to Anabel so everyone
has a loudspeaker in a place and in the end
the parallel trials not
parallel trials but public opinion
also has a certain weight but what
happens is that here what the judge says
in this case is the definitive word
but let's see what Belén says she is getting
ahead of herself getting ahead of herself because I have
seen things that are [ __ ] up that are [ __ ] up that if
this happens later I am sure and I
wish that it is going to be archived I think that there are
many people man I I wish that it is
archived because that would mean that it was
all a misunderstanding and it
was nothing serious I wish that they
archive it Of course I wish it not because
I know the parents or anything But because the
[ __ ] because that will mean  that it was
simply a misunderstanding but I
can't, I don't have any clue. I
mean, the fact that they're taking
so long to clarify the matter gives me a bad feeling
or I'm wrong. Yes, because when you,
well, I don't know, it's what you're saying that I don't
know how long it takes in this type of
procedure, but at the time that you,
uh, cite so-and-so to testify, there's
a follow-up, I don't know, uh. I don't know the fact.
Well, tell me. You speak, she. She said the
other day that they have recommended that
the lawyers not talk. No. Look, if you
have something, tell me, tell me, uh. At what
point do they, uh,
hire separate defenses, uh, from
criminal lawyers who are experts in
child abuse, at what point do they bring out
all that artillery? If they
initially believe that this process can be
filed quickly, no, I mean, I want to tell you, do they
see it so clearly? Why, well, well,
that? Look, see, if you are accused, they are
accusing you of something and you have the
possibility of hiring the best
professionals, you have money and and and you
feel more secure, well, there's no problem,
but it is true that
regardless of that, the other one says
day it's not that they've recommended
that I stay quiet they've recommended that I
not not speak and and in case it
harms the procedure let's see
if you're clear on what happened Hey
look what happened is that I went to
pick up the girl in the bathtub she
slipped out of the bathtub and and that's when she started to wiggle
okay clear that up In a moment I won't
tell you what the lawyer tells you I'm not
going to allow anyone to doubt my
treatment of my son eh But not one night will I
allow it I mean at night
I appear here on YouTube and I would have
said this is what happened
this is being talked about in the media what
happened is this this and this is how it was and I
'll even give you a tour and show you the bathtub
so you can see it okay I mean this is what
happened and I don't believe it and
the next day the girl started to
cry and it turns out it's because of the
movement the day before and I'll clear it up
in a jiffy whatever the
lawyer says okay but secrecy silences
when  There are some terrible things being said about
you and your family in the media, I don't
understand it, it doesn't sound
right to me, it gives me a fit, and I'm
also surprised, no, but people
say clink clink, as far as I know, Anabel, I do
n't know, I don't say one thing like the
other. To what extent has
Anabel benefited financially from this, I don't think
anything, I don't know where, Belén, I mean, Anabel, it was
just missing, no, no, no, I mean, she has
n't done any magazine, it's just that I'm
reading things on Twitter and yes, it's
true that I haven't done anything. I mean, I haven't
done anything, no. I mean, more than uploading things
to social networks that are more or less successful, and
sometimes I say, oh my goodness, you're here for this,
but oh well.
[Music]